hey everybody is froz from i heart
recipes.com and i'm going to show you
how it make my seafood macaroni salad i
start off with this creamy dressing that
is seasoned to perfection and i'm going
to load this with crabmeat and lots of
shrimp and then we're going to fold
everything together and let it chill
until it's ready to be served
if you want the exact measurements visit
my blog i heart recipes calm so let's
get started I have my shrimp here this
is cook shrimp that I got from our deli
I will remove the shells from the tails
and I'll also be using my crab meat this
is actually imitation crab but if you
want to use real crab meat you certainly
can I chopped it up and I left it nice
and chunky and over here my stove top
I'm going to start boiling my macaroni
I'm going to boil it and lightly salted
water and I'm using large elbow macaroni
but you can use shells or small macaroni
if you choose while my pasta is boiling
by the way I'm going to boil it until
it's nice and al dente I'm going to chop
up some celery as well as green onion
you can use yellow onion if you choose
and I'm going to use the green and white
parts I set that to the side and I'm
going to make my dressing I'm going to
use some best foods mayonnaise aka
Hellmann's as well as yellow mustard and
this is similar to my potato salad
dressing but we're going to use
different spices and stuff I just poured
in some lemon juice that is necessary
and now we're going to mix everything
until well combined so now we're going
to spice this up with some Cajun
seasoning you can use your favorite
Cajun seasonings I'm using tonisha trees
I think that's how you say it always I
always say it wrong but I'm also going
to use some old bay spice and once that
is in there let's put or start
sprinkling in some freshly cracked black
pepper and now we're going to mix this
as well combined I almost forgot I'm
going to add in some minced garlic as
well so add that in there and now we're
going to load this baby up with lots of
shrimp and crab I like to leave my crab
nice and chunky and now I'm going to
fold it in until everything is nicely
coated with my dressing I'm now going to
start adding in my onions and celery
and I'm also going to be using or adding
in some black olives and my owls are
sliced up but some people like to leave
them whole you can do that if you choose
of course I suggest you make sure
they're pitted once the noodles or my
pasta is all done I'm going to let it
cool down of course I drained it and now
I'm rinsing it under cool water to stop
the cooking process and now I'm going to
start adding my pasta into the bowl just
make sure the pasta is cold before you
add it with the other ingredients so
fold everything make sure it's well
combined and I'm going to add some
parsley flakes to add color that is
completely optional and once I'm done
mixing everything I'm going to
refrigerate this until it's nice and
cold and once it is nice and cold I'm
just going to remove it out of the
refrigerator place it in my serving bowl
and I am good to go this is perfect for
your upcoming barbecues any potlucks
cookout picnics all of the above this is
really easy and your family and friends
are going to love it don't forget that
you can receive my recipes directly in
your inbox all you have to do is head
over to my blog at heart recipes calm
and subscribe to my mailing list it is
completely free thank you so much for
watching I'll see you soon